We can stay here for now.
We will go inside later.
(There are 12 cars in line
in this autumn night.)
We are supposed to wear
autumn outfits today.
Yes. That's why I'm wearing this.
- Hey. Welcome.
- Hello.
There's no welcome scene.
There's no more.
(They look stylish.)
We see each other very often
these days.
- Should I go?
- Eun Hyuk.
- Hello.
- I think I saw you recently.
- We are all dressed up for autumn.
- I know.
- Let's strike a pose.
- Okay.
(They pose for the camera
as they're dressed up for today.)
- Hi.
- Long time no see.
-Henry.
- Come here.
(And a new player arrives.)
(Lee Elijah is
a young beautiful actress.)
(Hani is
charismatic and charming.)
Hi, Hani.
- Hi.
- Hello.
Hello.
- Gosh.
- Hi.
There's another Player.
Hello.
I feel awkward.
- Let's say hi together.
- Hello.
(The oldest member of B1A4,
Sin Woo)
- Hi.
- Did you get here now?
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Hi, P.O.
- What's going on?
I should go and say hi first
to other Players.
You're here.
We can greet each other
later. Look for the keys first.
We have to look for the keys.
- Hello.
- Let's do that first.
- Find the keys first.
- Did he find something?
We shouldn't just walk.
We have to find the keys. Run.
- Let's go.
- We don't have time.
- We have to look for the keys.
- Oh, is this how it starts?
- We have to find them
- Okay.
- Do we have to find them now?
- Yes.
- Come this way.
- Find the keys.
- Hurry up.
- Do we have to look for the keys?
We have to be hurry. Find the keys.
- What's going on?
- This way.
It must be here somewhere.
- Gosh.
- What's going on?
I can't find it anywhere.
(Meanwhile)
It's a helicam.
(She's so relaxed.)
You have to find the key first.
(Running)
- Has it started already?
- Yes, it has.
Do I have to look for the key now?
(She finally understands
what was going on.)
How do I find the key?
Let's have a look.
I should have put my running
shoes on.
Gosh. Su Geun. Give me one.
- No.
- How many keys did you find?
- Hello.
- Hani, I have something for you.
What is this?
(Is it the key?)
Key is in my hand though.
Thank you. That's how it looks like.
- You know how it looks like.
- Yes.
Good.
(Min Gyu found the key.)
I feel lucky today.
(Elijah walks straight.)
Will you give me the key
if you find one?
Hold on. No. Wait a second.
Okay. You can have it.
You're very helpful.
(Elijah found the key
with her quick move.)
You must be happy now.
Yes, I am. Thanks to you.
(P.O and CNU found the keys.)
I'm so happy to find one.
What is it?
I found it so quickly.
I can't really see at night.
I can't really see well.
Gosh. Where is it?
My gosh.
(Every Player managed to
find the keys.)
I found it.
- It was here.
- Okay. Let's go then.
Who was the female player?
Elina?
No. I think her name is Lee Elijah.
- Lee Elijah?
- Okay.
- Is she Korean?
- No, I don't think so.
Hello.
- Lee...
- Elijah.
- Hi, Elijah.
- Hi.
- You are Jong Min.
- Yes.
(Yes. I'm Jong Min.)
- You are Lee Ye Jin?
- It's for the game.
- Lee Elijah.
- Elijah.
- You're Elijah.
- Yes.
(It looks like...)
(they are on a blind date.)
Today, we were asked...
- to wear autumn outfits.
- Yes, we were.
Let me have a look.
- P.O.
- P.O and...
Min Gyu look both nice today.
Before we go inside,
let's vote for the most stylish
with autumn outfits.
You shouldn't dance.
He's showing off his moves.
(He concentrates more
on his dance than his outfits.)
Go 1 by 1.
He is standing still.
I feel so jealous people
who can dance well.
- I feel as well.
- Look at his shoes.
- Hey, you're dusty.
- It's your turn now.
- He's so tall.
- He looks great.
He looks like an English gentleman.
- Min Gyu, you look great.
- He looks good.
- Great.
- He's stylish.
His legs are so long.
Everyone is so tall these days.
They are tall.
I wasn't the smallest
when I was younger.
What are you talking about?
You were the smallest.
Please do not put your heads
together.
- Please don't.
- They won't.
(Please, no.)
My goodness.
(A disgusting forehead kiss)
- Good.
- I was so surprised.
You guys are so outdated.
- Let's go inside.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
We have to guess two people who
might have...
- the Master Keys.
- Find your places.
(Players can find the real
Master Keys in here.)
- It's awesome.
- What is this room?
This place looks great.
(Even when people are amazed...)
I love this place.
(Even when people are amazed,
they look for the Master Keys.)
This is fun.
(Players have entered.)
We all have 12 keys...
since there are 12 of us.
There are only 2 Master Keys
among 12 keys.
If we find two players
who have the Master Keys,
we will be the winner
of Master Village.
If one of the players who has the
Master Key finds the other player...
with the Master Key without
getting caught,
they will both win.
People who have the Master Keys...
have to be very careful.
First of all, you need to control
your face expressions very well.
- You were so bad last week.
- You were so bad.
You were the worst player.
- I realized it later.
- It was his first time last week.
You will see something
on the screen later.
It tells you whether your
keys are the Master Keys or not.
It shows O or X.
Place your keys on the
Judgment Cabinet.
Ask this question,
"Is this key the Master Key?"
You will find the answer
in the cabinet.
It will answer with O or X.
They don't decide who is going
to be the owner of Master Key.
People who found the Master Keys
earlier...
- have the Master Keys now.
- As if it was your fate.
- The colors.
- Exactly.
CNU is already controlling
his facial expressions.
We will check the keys now.
Place your keys in the cabinet.
Only two players will see
O on the screen.
"Is this key the Master Key?"
No, it isn't.
Don't get scared.
No one knows the answer yet.
You can't see it.
I can't see well.
- Did you check it?
- Yes.
Look at him.
He surely doesn't have
the Master Key.
You always have
the same look on your face.
I don't think he has the Master Key.
He doesn't have it.
I look forward to having one
every week.
- Hani, check your key.
- It's Hani's turn.
- I place my key in the cabinet.
- Yes.
Ask the question.
Is this key the Master Key?
- P.O, don't look.
- Only Hani can check it.
- We can't see your face then.
- Show your face a little.
I can't see her face at all.
- You have to show your face.
Okay, everyone.
Why are you guys so interested?
You have to show your face a little.
- Okay.
- Just a little.
You don't need to show us
your whole face.
Look at her.
- Show us your face a little.
- Gosh.
- Did you check?
- Look at her smiling.
She smiled a little.
- No. She didn't.
- She has the Master Key.
- No.
- I think she has one.
- She doesn't have one.
- It's P.O's turn next.
P.O, get yourself ready.
P.O is similar to Eun Hyuk.
He can't control his facial
expressions.
- P.O's ears are so red.
- No. I wasn't that bad last week.
- His hands are even shaking.
- No.
- I think he has the Master Key.
- Ask the question.
Is this key the Master Key?
He's smiling already.
- Don't open it yet.
- Gosh.
Show us your face.
- He's saying "O".
- "O".
(He can't keep his neck still.)
- What was that?
- What is he doing?
- P.O.
- I think he got an X.
Are you nervous to be on a show?
No. I'm just shy.
- He's shy.
- Okay. I will check mine now.
We will know his result anyway.
I've been practicing my facial
expressions.
Do it comfortably.
We will still know his result.
I think so too.
I could tell last week.
I'm different from the last week.
(What will his result be?)
Is this key the Master Key?
- No.
- Wait.
(He gets provoked so easily.)
(He eases his mind
and checks inside the cabinet.)
He's trying so hard.
He doesn't have one.
- He doesn't have it.
- He doesn't.
He doesn't have one.
He reacted differently last week.
- He looks different today.
- He does.
It will be very hard to read CNU.
- We won't be able to read him.
- It will be hard.
Gosh.
Is this key the Master Key?
We won't be able to read his mind.
He doesn't have
any facial expressions.
He just made the sound.
He must be good at controlling
his facial expressions or...
he just has no ideas.
Is this key the Master Key?
Awesome.
- It's not showing yet.
- He reacted so quickly.
- It's not on the screen yet.
- It is.
- It's not showing anything yet.
- Now he saw it.
I could tell this time.
- I'm so embarrassed.
- I could tell this time.
He's blushing
- What was your result?
- I'm sure he doesn't have the Key.
It's Elijah's turn.
- Is this key the Master Key?
- She might have the Master Key.
She's an actress as well.
(Nodding)
She's nodding because...
(Her facial expression is
hard to read.)
She's nodding.
I don't know.
Just check Chan Sung's ears
and you will know his result.
(His ears were red after
checking his result last week.)
Is this key the Master Key?
It's nerve-wracking.
"Yes."
Check his ears.
- Check his ears.
- His ears are fine.
- I checked the result.
His ears are not blushing.
- He's not sweating either.
- He's not blushing.
He got an X this week.
It was hot last week that's why.
You got an X this week.
I will check mine now.
- Is this key...
- No. It's not.
- the Master Key?
- No.
- "Master Key".
- Master Key.
He looks like a detective.
Henry the detective.
He doesn't have the Master Key.
- Okay.
- When are you going to...
improve your acting skill?
Poor Henry.
We will be able to read
Min Gyu's mind since he's young.
Is this key the Master Key?
Check him carefully.
It's nerve-wracking, right?
He looks like as if he was
peeking at someone's house.
(His result is on.)
I'm done checking.
He's cute.
Did you expect the result?
Yes.
- It was result that I expected.
- Did you want an X?
Is this key the Master Key?
Hong Gi isn't good
at hiding either.
I hope he can understand
how I felt last week.
I hope he gets an O this week.
He opened it.
He had the Master Key last week.
What?
It's an X.
- Yes.
His hands show that he's nervous.
Don't think too much.
(He's casting a spell.)
It's an old skit.
(Old skits are always funny.)
- I think he has the Master Key.
- Is this key...
the Master Key?
Give me strength.
Why? Why?
He's the worst comedian in acting
among the ones I know.
- He's really bad.
- I realize that every week.
- Let's move to the locker room.
- Let's go.
We will get changed in
the locker room.
Do you have the Master Key?
(Every Player moves
to the locker room.)
It's a weird color to wear.
- Gosh.
- I don't mind the color.
I think the staff members felt
sorry for me.
They gave me a waterproof jacket.
They did.
(He got wet last week.)
Hong Gi.
- I think they felt sorry for you.
- I felt sorry too.
They gave me a waterproof jacket.
- I think I will get wet again.
- You always get wet.
Of course.
- Do we get changed now?
- Do we get changed here?
Yes. We do.
Let's get changed.
I admit that I have the Master Key.
Okay. Whatever.
No one knows who have the Key.
- Yes.
- No one knows.
It's also hard to pick up
the Master key...
- out of 12 keys.
- Yes.
You can talk freely in here,
Min Gyu.
Do you have the Master Key?
- Really?
- Yes, you can.
The footage from this locker room...
Just tell me then.
The footage from this room...
will be out after the show.
Yes.
I saw the trailer of this show
before I came here.
- He isn't easy.
- I saw the trailer already.
CNU's ears are blushing only now.
No.
CNU changed a lot.
(They are trying to find out.)
He became so bright all of a sudden.
- I...
- He had a smile on his face.
I think this week...
we should also be careful
of Jong Min.
He somehow looks so calm today.
He becomes very calm
when he feels responsible.
Look at him.
- Is it you then?
- Is it you?
Jong Min's ears are blushing.
He's not saying anything either.
It's a scary place here.
(They start searching
for the Master Keys.)
Each team should put all the keys
in each team's box.
- Okay.
- Hong Gi.
- Why are you struggling?
Is it hard to put it in
since it's the Master Key?
- It doesn't fit.
- Gosh. Hong Gi.
- It's okay.
Was the Master Key designed
differently than the others?
I can't put it in.
- He's funny.
- I can't put it in.
He should get wet.
We will check the Key Guide again.
- Yes.
- This is...
A team that wins in a game can
choose one hint...
from the Key Guide which can be used
for guessing the Master Key.
The hints are different
from the last week.
- All right, guys.
- It's different this week.
"Five Players get picked randomly."
We can choose five Players.
- It will be one-fifth of chance.
- That's right.
If I'm doubtful about Eun Hyuk,
then there would be four left
including Eun Hyuk.
- We can weed them out.
- Exactly.
- This one is the best hint.
- Which one?
- We don't know it.
- I remember all of them.
- Really?
- I remember all the places.
- I saw them all.
- Really?
I know Eun Hyuk and yours.
I don't have the Master Key.
- If they show us...
- Yes.
the places where
the Master Keys were,
we can try to recall who
picked their keys from those places.
Eun Hyuk, can you not understand
what it means?
I can.
- I understand fully.
- If you don't,
- just ask me.
- Ask him later.
- You have to tell me.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Good.
I actually don't understand
one little thing.
What is it?
Why are they going to show us
the pictures?
"Why are they going to show us
the pictures?"
Why do you think they filmed us
when we were looking for the keys?
If you think carefully of...
the places that the Players
found their keys...
You didn't expect this kind of hint,
did you?
It shows that you were discharged
recently from the army.
Do you understand?
(I need some more time.
Variety shows are hard.)
All right.
This is the worst game of all.
It's even worse for me.
I can stand by this when I say it.
My band is more popular
overseas than in Korea.
That's right.
Our fans all live abroad.
- They are popular in Japan.
- Isn't Koyote famous overseas too?
- What did you say?
- Isn't Koyote famous overseas?
KYT.
- Koyote?
- Yes.
Shin Ji basically owns the group.
(He's one honest guy. He's always
grateful to have her in the group.)
That is actually true.
Please reveal the player
the Watchers supported the most.
Goodness. I...
(The most popular player
the Watchers voted for is...)
It's Min Gyu.
(Min Gyu)
(Min Gyu is chosen!)
I heard EBS, the three most popular
groups, owns the music scene.
They are Exo, BTS, and Seventeen.
(They are known
as the 3 popular boy groups)
- EBS?
- Good for him.
- Don't tell us what it is.
- Okay.
You can just use the Card
whenever you want.
- Okay.
- It wasn't easy to read it.
He hasn't completely
understood the rules yet.
- He chose it without hesitating.
- Make sure we can't see it.
(This Chance Card will change
the course of the game.)
Min Gyu, I'll explain it to you.
- How is the card?
- I can see that he's young.
- It's great.
- Isn't it just amazing?
- Yes.
- Eun Hyuk...
- You're smart, aren't you?
- Let's start.
- All right. Let's do this.
- I think this is a good one.
It's great
if you do well in any given game.
The most important part is
winning the group games.
We are confident
about that, aren't we?
Once we see it...
Wait, what is that car?
- What is that car doing here?
- What is it?
I see. There's another one coming.
I guess one player
from each team will go in.
(Vans suddenly show up.)
Gosh, this is like a blockbuster.
Gosh, these vans are coming in.
Gosh, this is totally new.
What is this?
What are we supposed to do?
This is a game that we don't
get to play every day.
This looks fun.
You can see the vans are parked now.
This is a game where we need to run
through the back seats in a relay.
- We have to open it and go in.
- We have to go into the car.
- We have to open it and get out.
- That's right.
Isn't this how we play this game?
Then will this be more advantageous
to players with small builds?
To whom were you addressing
so casually?
Was that a question?
- Are you feeling nervous?
- I was talking to myself.
- Are you nervous now?
- You were talking to yourself.
- Yes, I was.
- We must stand over here.
We should be ready over here,
and when we start the race,
- the next player can move up.
- Okay.
- Hong Gi, do you want to go first?
- I'll go against Henry.
Hong Gi and Henry will go first.
- Girls should go 3rd.
- Girls will go 3rd.
- I'll go second.
- Sure.
- You can go 2nd.
- Great. Min Gyu will go 2nd.
- Then P.O ought to go against him.
- Min Gyu and P.O will compete.
Let's play it fair.
(They are all set
for the Van Relay Race.)
Don't do anything weird.
I'm sorry, but could you please
leave tissues inside the vans?
I'm going to make Hyun Moo
get a nosebleed.
I'm serious.
I'm going to elbow him.
I will make one
of your eyebrows go up.
I will punch you like this.
- Get ready! Let's go!
- Wait.
- Be careful.
- Let's do this.
- Hey, push forward.
- Get ready.
Get ready! Go for it!
(Come on.)
- I got it. Okay.
- Let's have fair play.
Okay. Let's play it fair. Let's go.
(The reason Henry
is especially energetic)
(Last week, he lost a game.)
(And...)
(he suffered the humiliation
of the finger flick.)
Let's play it again.
(He hasn't forgotten the indignity
he felt on that day.)
How could you hit him so hard?
(This is a revenge match in which
the guys' pride is at stake.)
(Hong Gi takes the lead.)
- Hong Gi is doing great.
- Nice!
Hong Gi, you're doing well.
- Henry is grabbing Hong Gi.
- Get out!
- This is like a penalty.
- What are you doing?
(Henry plays dirty
by removing the shoe.)
- He got rid of the shoe.
- What good will this do?
Who's next?
- Who is next?
- You're doing good!
(However, Hong Gi runs well
even without one shoe.)
- Who's going next?
- Gosh, he plays dirty.
(He runs so well to the point
Henry might be annoyed.)
(Screaming in pain)
(He gets out of the struggle.)
Hey, hey.
- He can't do that.
- What just happened?
- Where are we starting?
- Play it fair.
(Team Su Geun is leading.)
- Where are we starting?
- Play it fair.
- You can't cheat.
- It's right here, P.O.
No, they're going to start here.
Oh, my. We can only play
this game on this show.
Hey!
- We don't have it.
- It's the same.
Hey, just run for it.
(Henry hugs Hong Gi
as his last move.)
- You can do it.
- P.O, run. Just run.
- No, he must come out first.
- He has to come down from the van.
Then you can pass the baton.
Both of his feet must
touch the ground.
- Here he comes.
- Pass the baton.
- His feet must touch the ground.
- Didn't we say they don't have to?
Both of your feet must
touch the ground.
(Hong Gi's feet haven't
touched the ground.)
Run.
(Which player will come out first?)
Your feet must touch the ground.
(Hong Gi's feet touch the ground.)
You're in the clear!
Hurry! Don't get caught.
Move away from there.
Who's going next?
- Hey, he grabbed my underwear.
- Nice.
(Team Su Geun is still leading
with the second player.)
P.O. I'm sorry.
(Another guy is hugging
during the game.)
- My hands are tied.
- Okay, okay.
You can do it, Min Gyu.
(Team Hyun Moo is catching up
as Min Gyu hugs P.O.)
- Hey, hey.
- He caught up.
- I heard them breaking everything.
(It sounds like
it's a close battle.)
Min Gyu caught up.
He got P.O.
(They arrive at the same time.)
He caught up.
- Everyone.
- Hurry.
- No.
- You must go now.
- It's dangerous.
- Let's go.
- Hey, hurry. Run.
- Okay.
(The third match is
Hani versus Elijah.)
- Are you okay?
- You did well.
- Hey, hurry. Run.
- Okay.
- Hani is doing great.
- Elijah.
- Hani got Elijah.
(I should hug you too.)
- Hani called Elijah.
- She called Elijah.
- Whoever is next should move up.
- Elijah.
Elijah, Elijah.
(Elijah)
- Don't. Hey.
- Elijah.
I can't do anything about this.
- You're going to get hurt.
- This is hard.
(The one in the front is
always opening the door.)
I'm opening all of the doors.
I look like a gatekeeper.
(Laughing)
You can't chat over there.
- She doesn't act like she's older.
- What should I do?
- Hold on.
- Let me open it.
I can't do anything because
I'm worried I might hurt you.
Goodness, Elijah.
Thank you.
- Jong Min, get ready. You're next.
- I'm a gatekeeper.
(The third players
are full of love.)
It sounds like
they're dating each other.
They look so happy over there.
They got close.
(Hani begins to use her strength.)
Let's go together.
- It's my turn.
- Hold on. Her feet must...
Hold on. Her feet must touch
the ground when you start.
- Her feet must touch the ground.
- They must touch it.
- That's it. Jong Min, go!
- Hey.
(Team Su Geun begins.)
(With Eun Hyuk's skill, Team
Hyun Moo manages to take the lead.)
Grab him.
(Oh, no. Too bad that
the tables are turned.)
Eun Hyuk, hold on. Wait.
(I have no choice.)
(He starts using dirty tricks.)
Hey, my underwear.
(He smacks Eun Hyuk's head and
pulls him by his underwear.)
- Eun Hyuk.
- My underwear.
(Eun Hyuk advances
overcoming the dirty tricks.)
Eun Hyuk. Eun Hyuk.
(So this is how it's going to be.)
Jong Min. My sweater.
You're taking off my sweater. Stop.
When Hyun Moo comes
out of the van,
I'll make sure you get
to see him naked.
He will be completely bare.
I will let you even see
his body hair.
(Were you...)
(referring to something like this?)
(It gets hectic as his upper
body is exposed.)
Hey, go!
We could have lost.
(The race only left him wounded.)
(Will that happen to me too?)
He grabbed me.
(Feeling dizzy)
Are you all right?
Great. We took the lead again!
(Meanwhile, Team Su Geun
takes the lead again.)
(He can put up with the struggles.)
(In no time,)
(the fifth players are
about to finish the race.)
(The last race between the team
leaders are about to begin.)
(The match where the hosts, Hyun
Moo and Su Geun's pride are stake.)
They didn't even arrive yet.
- He looks really cool.
- That's not it.
(Chan Sung arrives first.)
- Su Geun is so fast.
- He's so quick.
- My goodness.
- Look at him.
I couldn't beat him.
- Su Geun is amazingly fast.
- What is this?
(Su Geun tries to widen the gap
as he is in the lead.)
- He's amazing.
- He's so good.
Are you serious?
What are you doing?
- That's not cool.
- Gosh, he plays really dirty.
He's going to rip it.
He really might tear
his clothes apart.
They're fighting.
(Is it really happening?)
(Didn't I warn you or not?)
Hey, mister.
(Su Geun, please don't do this.)
- Hey.
- Stop it.
Hey, you can't do that here.
(Meanwhile, Su Geun dashes away.)
(I can't be the only one.)
I saw that coming.
Why is your chest so hairy?
Those two are very friendly.
(Their dirty battle turns
into the battle of stamina.)
Su Geun, tire him out completely.
Su Geun, you should tire him out.
(They walk through the fourth car.)
This is the last one.
Their shirts are completely ripped.
- Hyun Moo.
- Su Geun.
Who will win?
(Their battle gets fiercer.)
Their shirts are completely ripped.
- Hyun Moo.
- Su Geun.
- All I hear is them panting.
- Hit Hyun Moo's temple.
- Hit his temple.
- In the back...
- Su Geun, be determined.
- That was so not cool.
(Both players have
given their best.)
(What is the result of their battle
with all of their strength?)
(Oh, my goodness!)
(Team Su Geun wins the 1st round
thanks to Su Geun's effort.)
Isn't he on my team?
(Contrary to his promise,
he is the one who came out naked.)
(I lost.)
Isn't he on my team?
(Su Geun's strategy didn't
spare his body at all.)
What is this?
Pass me the shirt quickly.
That was one dirty race.
But why are you so tanned?
- Why are you so tanned?
- Are you okay?
I was so surprised.
Hyun Moo's chest was so hairy.
Give me the cover.
- But he was good.
- The race was cutthroat.
Anyway...
I thought they were filming
an outdoor clothing commercial.
- It was hairy from here to here.
- It was a game.
It was so shocking.
He tried to grab it
thinking it was my hair.
I thought how he got his head there.
That was gross.
His chest is so hairy.
Oh, my goodness. It is hairy.
- Why did you look?
- I was curious.
(This is the last chance for Team
Hyun Moo to turn the table around.)
- Go.
- That's great. She's fast.
Watch your hands.
- The doors are heavy.
- You lose your energy.
- Next.
- Jong Min.
(They will determine the winning
team by adding the records.)
The black van...
Chan Sung is really fast!
- Goodness.
- He's passing through. Chan Sung!
(Chan Sung, the Flash)
- Chan Sung!
- You can do it!
- We have a shot at winning.
- Gosh, you're fast.
(Team Hyun Moo's race follows.)
He's fast.
- He's fast.
- Continue.
He's weak.
Henry!
- That's great!
- All right.
The doors are heavy.
That's right.
Look at Hani.
(I will shorten our record!)
- She's so strong.
- Look at her.
What just happened?
Goodness, who is she?
(Hani, the strong girl and the best
player of Team Hyun Moo)
- Hey.
- I think we might've won.
Your record is
2 minutes and 4 seconds.
We won!
The ladies will break the ties.
- Ladies will determine the victory.
- It's an individual match.
Let's play rock-paper-scissors
for the inner course.
- You should play it.
- It's ripped.
- Can I just take it?
- That's right.
- You want to just take the course?
- What do you think?
Do they have to take
off their earrings?
- Is it because you're older?
- No, no.
- It's not that.
- Only they will play it.
Get ready. Set.
(Elijah makes a false start.)
(I wanted to run
a bit earlier than her.)
- Goodness.
- It's a game. Hani, go all out.
- We have to win.
- Did you get that?
(I think she really might go all out
if you tell her to do so.)
(Hani is getting her energy.)
(On this final race,
their pride is at stake.)
- We have to win.
- What should I do?
Go, go, go!
Hani, go! Hani, go!
(Hani opens the door.)
- Go!
- Go, Hani!
(She beats the advantage
by her speed and power.)
Hani, go! Hani, go!
(She moves to the second van.)
- That's right. Use more force.
- You're doing great!
(Hani uses more power.)
You should block her!
That's it. There you go!
(It seems Hani might have the race
in the bag by the looks of it.)
(I will beat the advantage
you have with my power.)
- Hani should've gone against a guy.
- She's strong.
- Indeed.
- That's right.
The way she got out
of the van was no joke.
I want to go up against Hani.
(Many of them won't be able
to beat Hani in the race.)
You just need to beat her
at the last van.
(Only two vans are remaining.)
I'm grabbing you.
(I can't lose out to you like this.)
(If you're going to hold onto me,
then I'll drag you with me.)
(Hani, Wonder Woman,
explodes with her power.)
She's so dependable.
(The door of the last van opens.)
Who is it?
(Will Hani win as expected?)
(Hani wins the final race!)
(Since I won...)
Gosh, she looks so chic.
- Are you okay?
- Are you all right?
- She looks mad.
- Is that why?
No, no.
- Gosh, Hani was...
- She was very good.
I don't know if she has the Key,
but she surely owned this game.
She was the Master Key of this game.
The best one is...
- Let's hurry.
- But the thing is...
No, we should get this.
Right now, we don't know
any clues, but if we use this,
- we can narrow down to five people.
- They're talking about us.
- I can hear...
- We won't need to use it then.
- I'm nervous.
- With this, we can find out...
if 1 out of 2 has the Mastery Key or
not with a 20 percent probability.
- I think she's right.
- I agree.
All right then. We will...
choose the one with picking
5 players of 1 holds the Key.
- Hani, you should say it.
- Okay.
One of them has the Master Key.
Open it.
(She asks the Question of Fate.)
(Among 5 players shown on the
Judgement Cabinet, 1 has the Key.)
(Which players will show up
on the Judgement Cabinet?)
(Jun Hyun Moo, Henry, Hani,
Kim Jong Min, and CNU)
- Okay.
- Whom are you looking at?
Look.
- Okay.
- Whom are you looking at?
- No way. It's driving me crazy.
- They don't look...
- Stop acting.
- This is fun.
Seriously?
- Later on...
- How could...
This is unbelievable.
- We will explain it to you.
- This is so shocking.
- So the five of us are nominated?
- Everyone.
Are you getting ready
for the second game?
- Are five players from their team?
- We were done.
- No, five from the whole cast.
- Let's get going.
(Please understand the rules.)
We should go this way. Let's go.
- Let's go.
It's a new rule.
(Which player has the Key?)
(High likely to hold the Key)
(What is their second mission?)
This is the second game.
It's Timer Talk.
(The 2nd mission is Timer Talk.)
This sounds fun.
You will ask the player
next to you a question...
as you hand over the cell phone.
When the alarm goes off, the player
with the cell phone is eliminated.
In a nutshell,
the phone is like a bomb.
We have to ask questions
within the time limit the crew...
has set.
The team of the last player
wins the game, right?
- The team of the last player wins.
- Exactly.
- Can we ask any questions?
- Of course.
- Even uncomfortable ones?
- You don't need to hold back.
- I won't hold back anything.
- Remember it's a major TV station.
- I'm going to do my best.
- Shall we start?
- We started.
- We used to do this in the 90s.
- Yes, I know that.
- I'll ask a question. Eun Hyuk.
- Yes?
When was your last kiss
after you were discharged?
- Did you start already?
- Yes.
- You went too far. We just started.
- That's a hard one.
- Don't think about it.
- When was the last kiss?
- Answer it.
- The time is ticking.
- It's been...
- Are you really going to answer?
What are you talking about?
- Why are you doing that?
- It was about 2 or 3 years ago.
- It's been quite long.
- It's before your military service.
- Ask the next question.
- I'll ask right away.
Ask.
Can I ask only the player
in the opposing team? Or can I...
- You can ask your teammates.
- Are you going to attack your team?
(The time is up.)
(Eun Hyuk, flustered by the first
question, is eliminated.)
(I got him at my first try!)
- That was too quick.
- Your question was too difficult.
(The first question was
a bit too much.)
- Goodness.
- Who are they?
(10 Punishers enter.)
- What's going on?
- What is it?
- He's right there.
- He's the one.
(You should get your penalty.)
- Gosh, that was harsh.
- What just happened?
(Did they really smack
him with toy hammers?)
Eun Hyuk revealed the answer
he didn't have to.
- What is this?
- I had no idea about this.
- I didn't know.
- This...
- He thought too long.
- I mean...
Why did you ask me such a question?
I mean, seriously.
Can this air?
- There are no practice rounds.
- Okay. It was a practice round.
Okay.
I'm sorry, but could you
remove your chair?
(I'm sorry. We are fully booked.)
It was fun.
Good job.
Gosh, that was so mean.
(Why did I answer that?)
(A harsh welcome-back
initiation of variety shows)
- Hong Gi should start.
- Hong GI can start us off.
- Shall I?
- Okay.
- That was the shortest.
- That was too harsh.
- Hurry. You never know.
- I'm all right.
- Tell me the name...
- Whom are you asking?
of the most recent movie you saw
with someone...
of your opposite sex at the theater.
Tell me when you saw it.
- This is an easy question.
- With someone of opposite gender.
- Of opposite gender.
- Tell me the recent movie you saw.
I saw it with four days ago.
- With whom?
- One with Ma Dong Seok.
- It's "The Outlaws".
- "The Outlaws".
- With whom did you watch it?
- It has to be a girl.
- You must tell the name.
- Tell us the name.
Why?
Goodness.
- You must say her name.
- Do we know the girl?
- She was Korean American.
- What's her name?
- Jessica.
- Tell us her name.
- Jessica?
- No, not the singer!
- No.
- Jessica?
- You should ask a question.
- Ask a question.
Gosh, he's on my team.
- You should ask a question.
- Ask and pass it on.
Do you like to drink?
I'm a lightweight drinker.
- Ask a question.
- That was nice.
Ask anything. Ask Hyun Moo...
if he's been seeing that lady.
(Su Geun gives her a tip
about Hyun Moo's private life.)
- What are you doing?
- When was your last relationship?
- Ask everything including the kiss.
- Let's do this.
- When was it?
- When was...
- It was six months ago. Here.
Six months ago?
- Stop lying.
- You didn't ask her a question.
- When was your last kiss?
- What a joker.
My last kiss? I did it on a drama.
- It was this year. When...
- Hurry and pass it to him.
(At last,)
(is it time for me
to answer the question?)
When was your last kiss?
- It was six months ago.
- Stop lying.
- When was...
- I bet he's lying.
- Ask her the question.
(He's jabbering at the last minute.)
(Hyun Moo is eliminated
as he looks back on his past.)
(Here comes the party
with toy hammers!)
(Take my smack twice!)
Who was that? Who was it?
(I thought I was going to lose.)
Can he lie that his last
relationship was six months ago?
- What are you talking about?
- Stop lying.
- What on earth are you saying?
- I know you're lying.
How could you say it's six months
ago? She will be disappointed.
Even though I wanted to lie
about my last kiss,
- Right.
- I couldn't help but be serious.
It's because...
Not being able to kiss
for a long time hurts my pride,
but admitting having kissed a girl
recently feels a bit weird.
- Then your kiss was recent.
- You kissed a girl recently.
No, no. I was merely...
(I shouldn't talk a lot today.)
- Forget it.
- CNU should start.
Ask difficult questions.
That's how you can stall time.
Only players from our team
were hit.
(He has picked his first target.)
Why are you staring at me?
- Ask the question.
- Did we start?
- Do it.
- When was your last kiss?
- There you go.
- Seriously?
- It was two days ago.
- You did it recently.
- Come on. Don't lie.
- When my wife was...
It was like a soft peck.
- That doesn't count.
- He asked about the kiss.
- I can't kiss anymore.
When you are married, you can't
have passionate kisses.
I gently kiss her
as I leave the hose.
I kiss her when I get home.
Do you kiss your wife?
- No one kisses at home.
- Why wouldn't they?
It was hard for us to decide
to even agree upon gentle kisses.
(Goodness, he can
be brutally honest.)
- He's the worst.
- Whom should I ask?
- He's going to ask you.
- Hani, you should try.
When was your last relationship?
Every question is
about the last relationship.
- It was about 2 years ago.
- 2 years ago?
- Is that so?
- She looks so serious.
Did you manage to poop?
- Yes, I did.
- Poop?
- What does that mean?
- It means to poop.
All right. Who is next?
- It's our team.
- It's Min Gyu.
What was the most recent
erotic film you've seen?
He asked about an erotic film
out of the blue.
You must answer truthfully.
- If it's not you, then who is it?
- How much did you pay?
- A movie?
- Yes.
- A short movie.
- A movie.
Or it can be a video.
A video. A drama.
Hurry up. What are we going to do?
- He needs time to think.
- My goodness.
I can't believe this.
(He's finally speaking up.)
- What are you going to do?
- Jong Min.
(Time's up.)
(Min Gyu failed.)
It was risky.
(What kind of movie did he watch?)
(Mission accomplished.)
They're hitting each other.
We're so naive.
- Hey, Min Gyu.
- Yes?
You're so naive. They got you.
- It's fine.
- You should just leave.
(Min Gyu. We trust you.)
(Due to Team Su Geun's continuous
great work)
- The thing is...
- Hani.
Hani helped us win.
Hani's so smart.
Hani can't win.
Jong Min and I will win.
We'll give a chance to Hani.
Hani. You need to kill four people.
- Hani please.
- Maybe she has a plan.
At least two people please.
(What will be her question?)
Are you the Master Key?
(A pretty quick Master Key question)
(It's important to check
who has the Master Key.)
(About this man)
(When he was checking
the final result last week,)
(his red ears couldn't hide
that he's the Master Key.)
(Will his ears respond again?)
- Master Key?
- No.
(Chan Sung's quite different
from the last time.)
Good job, Hani.
(His ears didn't change.)
- I should ask everyone.
- Good job, Hani.
Explain how you reconcile with
the members after having a fight.
We drink and have a talk.
- Good job.
- Okay.
- Are you the Master Key?
(She takes this chance
to check on Hong Gi.)
(When he was checking
the Master Key for the first time,)
(he made a mysterious look.)
(His first reaction was firm.)
- Good job.
- Are you the Master Key?
No.
- What if you...
- I think it's you.
(Is he acting?)
What if you go on a trip with CNU?
- Just the two?
- Where would you like to go?
Borabora Island.
I really want to go there.
- Where's that?
- With CNU?
- Borabora Island with CNU?
- Yes.
She'd like to go to an island
with CNU.
(She needs a stronger question.)
- What?
- Not yet.
How do you find me?
- Good.
- You're really nice.
- How do you find me?
- Good.
(He's being so honest.)
(She didn't expect that reaction.)
Jong Min loves you.
How do you find me?
(This is the chance.)
I don't like you.
There's no point of talking.
Why would you even ask?
- She's reckless.
- It's this way.
How many times have you been
in a relationship?
This is the trap.
You'll stop laughing.
(Time's up.)
(P.O's out.)
My goodness.
(These questions are hard.)
- Good job.
- That was good.
Great job, Hani.
- She never sits down.
- Go sit down over there.
- See?
- How would you like the propose?
- This is a good one.
- Good.
On a ship or something?
As long as he proposes me in person.
- In person.
- Directly in front of you?
- Yes.
- And do what?
- It's the heart that matters.
- Right.
So that I can feel his heart.
Don't you need a present
or anything?
- No.
- It's not your turn.
(Wait for your turn.)
Have you ever suffered
from hemorrhoids?
No. I never get it.
What's the man's age
you can date up to?
(His evil intention again)
It depends.
I think I can date someone who's
10 years older than me.
(He's listening carefully.)
But I don't think I can date
anyone younger.
- She likes older people.
- She has a good personality.
Which part of a woman's body...
do you find attractive?
- Ask Hong Gi.
- It's obvious.
(Time's running out, Hong Gi.)
- As I get old,
- Good job.
(Time's up.)
Good job, Hong Gi.
(He should've been brief.)
You're talking too much.
You don't need to be nice.
(You'll never win this way.)
Good job, Hani.
Hani's leading the team.
She's working hard.
(She continues to work hard.)
Good job, Hani.
You can never guess
when the time will end.
Tell me the three charms...
you think I have.
- You have pretty eyes.
- Right.
- You have a nice voice.
- And you're tall.
- Right.
- She's pretty.
- You're pretty.
I can list more than 10.
Keep going.
By looking at the appearance,
which actor...
do you like the best?
- Ideal type?
- Kang Ha Neul...
- "Midnight Runners"?
- from "Midnight Runners".
I've been thinking he's very hot.
You can date him if you want.
I'm not interested in relationships.
Why?
Don't fall for it. Ask someone else.
(She already fell for it.)
(Time's up.)
(Hani's out.)
(She tried her best,
but Su Geun got her.)
I got her.
Hani.
You did good, Hani.
Round of applause for her please.
- Good job.
- She was honest.
She was great.
We don't know anything.
- Right.
- No one's suspicious.
I'd choose this one.
- Anyway...
- Come on.
- Are you going to share with us?
- Listen to me.
Someone could lie.
Don't you trust your team?
No. We're almost done now.
If you get a picture of your own,
you wouldn't say it's yours.
Then let's go with this.
Not the place.
- Let's go with the dice.
- This one?
- Let's go with this.
- Not the dice.
- Let's just try it once.
- Isn't this the one?
- We'll go with the dice.
- The dice?
Who would you like to know, Hong Gi?
- Who is it?
- The youngest.
- Min Gyu?
- Min Gyu.
He desperately wants Min Gyu's.
I hope it's not from our own team.
(Don't kill your own team, Hong Gi.)
(Time to check the key
by throwing the dice.)
I hope it's not from our own team.
(Who will the dice...)
(choose?)
Are you throwing it?
(Min Gyu?)
- Jun Hyun Moo.
- My gosh.
Are you throwing it?
(It looked like it was going to be
Min Gyu,)
(but it's Hyun Moo as it hits
the camera.)
I can't believe this.
It was Min Gyu at first.
Only if it wasn't the camera.
Hyun Moo seemed pretty suspicious
today.
Is it going to be Hyun Moo?
Yes. We choose him.
Okay.
(He gives a mysterious smile.)
Say it out loud, Elijah.
- Yes.
- Say it out loud.
(It's time to judge.)
Is this key the Master Key?
(Is this key the Master Key?)
(What is the truth...)
(they will face?)
(After the first search mission,)
(they checked the 5 candidates.)
(Hyun Moo was one of them.)
(Is Hyun Moo's key...)
(the Master Key?)
(Or are four people's keys
the Master Key?)
(Hyun Moo's key...)
(is revealed to Team Su Geun.)
[Kocowa Ver] SBS  E03 Master Key
-= Ruo Xi =-
Say it out loud, Elijah.
- Yes.
- Say it out loud.
(It's time to judge.)
Is this key the Master Key?
(Is this key the Master Key?)
(What is the truth...)
(they will face?)
(After the first search mission,)
(they checked the 5 candidates.)
(Hyun Moo was one of them.)
(Is Hyun Moo's key...)
(the Master Key?)
(Or are four people's keys
the Master Key?)
(Hyun Moo's key...)
(is revealed to Team Su Geun.)
(Is his key the Master Key?)
(Hyun Moo...)
(has the Master Key.)
I can't see anything.
I didn't see it.
(Goodness)
I can't see anything.
(Is what I saw...)
(real?)
It's just as I expected.
(Jun Hyun Moo)
(After the result is out,)
(he quietly controls
the expression.)
(They don't know what's going on.)
(He tries to stay calm.)
- How dare you!
- What?
(He pretends it's not him.)
- Are you the one?
- Me?
Am I right?
Tell me if I'm right.
(It was clear...)
(from the beginning.)
(He was always so talkative
during the key judgment time.)
(But something made him quiet
from the beginning.)
(You have...)
(the Master Key.)
(After he checked the result,)
(he couldn't stop smiling.)
(Hyun Moo starts to hide
the expression.)
(Other members' suspicions
helped him.)
(And he had a chance.)
(The list of five candidates...)
(had his name on it.)
(He deceived the members,)
(and at the same time,)
(Hyun Moo confirmed the other four
don't have the Master Key.)
(He's revealed to Team Su Geun.)
Every life has...
an unexpected twist.
He's such a great actor.
(He must find the other person.)
We must stay together.
- Is it true, Hyun Moo?
- They're lying.
- Hyun Moo.
- Yes?
(Other Team Hyun Moo members still
don't understand what's going on.)
Is it you?
(You'll be surprised to
see the result.)
- Really? Aren't you nervous?
- You'll be amazed.
- I'm so curious.
- Are you acting?
Would you say it if you were me?
Just this once please.
Then now...
You're so good.
You're a great actor.
We must win the last game.
- We need to win.
- We must win.
(Team Hyun Moo must win
the last game.)
I find...
Su Geun suspicious.
(Hong Gi suddenly finds Su Geun
suspicious.)
(Why Su Geun...)
(out of the blue?)
- It's so out of the blue.
- He knows...
where the key is hidden,
but he's not showing the picture.
That's nonsense.
(That's a good source
of information.)
I know where you found the key.
- The thing is...
- Why would you interrupt?
Why are we going individual?
Thank you for the information.
Let's keep going.
- We should find it.
- You're looking for the key.
(Is Su Geun the Master Key
as Hong Gi expected?)
We shouldn't use the last key yet.
You picked the wrong person.
He's pretty suspicious.
What are you talking about?
What are you doing?
I'm older than you.
(Su Geun's hiding the picture
of the key,)
(and Hong Gi's pointing at him.)
(Who's the last Master Key?)
- This is the last game.
- Let's do it.
The last round. The last game.
"Monkey Bars".
(The third search mission,
"Monkey Bars")
It's simple. Both teams hang
to the monkey bar,
and you must drop the whole team
to win.
You're out as soon as you fall.
Is this the resting area?
Can we come back here
if we get tired?
We're going to play three rounds.
- We must pick...
- Who's going to play?
players for each round.
I won't be in the first round.
We need to get the start on them.
How can you all agree?
- You should say no.
- No.
No.
They know you're going to lose.
I can't reach it.
(He becomes shy in front of
monkey bars.)
Hey, Hyun Moo.
I'm sorry, but...
I can't reach it.
You should've thought about me.
I didn't know you're on a mat.
(He spits.)
(He spits with all his heart.)
- Why would you spit?
- I'm sorry.
What if I fall from trying to
grab it?
- Out.
- Then you're out.
(If he falls from trying to go on,
he's out.)
You're out as soon as
you touch the ground.
- I have to jump high.
- He's not strong enough.
- I'm not strong enough.
- Go on someone's back.
What are you talking about?
I wouldn't go on someone's back.
I'm over 40.
(He's too old to go on
someone's back.)
- Go ahead.
- Who am I competing against?
That's up to us.
- We have to keep going.
- Sure.
- Then...
- Someone easy for the start.
- Come here, Henry.
- Good.
(Hong Gi chooses Henry.)
No way.
(There can't be two suns
in Master Key.)
He can reach it at once.
(It's time to check who the man
of Master Key is.)
You're out if you touch
the green mat.
(This is a rivalry match.)
(The 1st match between
Hong Gi and Henry)
(Hong Gi wins.)
(Take this.)
That probably hurt.
(It burns.)
Come on, Hong Gi.
(The 2nd match between
Hong Gi and Henry)
(Henry wins.)
Henry wins.
(And today, the last match begins.)
- I approve.
- You still did good.
I'm sorry.
It's three out.
Okay, first round.
- We must win.
- Get ready.
- Go, Hong Gi.
- Set.
(Which team will win the first round
of Monkey Bar?)
(The 1st round begins.)
- Good job.
- Good.
Go, Hong Gi.
- Good job.
- Good.
- Don't hurt yourselves.
- Good job.
Raise your knees.
- Goodness.
- I'm scared.
(He's deep into the game.)
- Watch out.
- Get closer.
- It's too dangerous.
- Protect yourself.
(Henry's out.)
Now's your chance.
(He barely touched him.)
What was that?
(The light kick made him fall
like a feather.)
(I'm the real winner.)
It was so strong.
- What?
- We won.
I'm sorry that I have long legs.
(The winner's body)
It was unexpected.
Good job, Hong Gi.
Here I come.
(Next up is Jong Min and Eun Hyuk.)
Wait.
Eun Hyuk's pretty good.
He's got skills.
- I can do it.
- What are you doing?
Don't do that.
That's it.
(Attack like a chicken)
(Look at him.)
His feet stink.
I need your help, Su Geun.
Hey.
(The short leader marches.)
You have to help him, Min Gyu.
(Min Gyu joins.)
That's it.
(Long leg attack)
Min Gyu can do it.
They're short.
(Four people left in each team.)
What was that?
Hurry up.
Hurry up before they go back.
That's awesome.
Go help him.
(Strong high kick)
That's great.
(After a long match between
the long legs)
Go help him.
Good job, Hong Gi.
(Min Gyu's out.)
- Help him.
- Get him.
Come back, Hong Gi.
Hong Gi has really long legs.
(CNU is ready to march.)
I want to help him.
Try it, Hong Gi.
(He marches forward.)
No.
(Hong Gi puts his legs around him.)
(Here I come.)
(How dare you!)
Go, Su Geun.
- Hey, wait.
- No.
Go help him.
Get him.
(It's a mess.)
(His leg slips in.)
(The counterattack of a short leg)
Who's in the game?
(He's chocked.)
Hong Gi's out.
Why would you step on me, Su Geun?
He got it.
(He's on it.)
I got it.
- He got it.
- I got it.
He got it.
(Eun Hyuk and CNU are out.)
No way.
Who's playing the game?
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry.
- No.
(I tried my best.)
- Good job.
- What did you think?
You were great.
Compliment me.
I thought he was a snake.
He got in between.
He slipped in.
- How did you get here?
- I just did.
(Elijah and Chan Sung on Team
Su Geun and Hani on Team Hyun Moo)
- Hey, Hani.
- Why am I always the last?
You have to sacrifice yourself.
You're our last hope.
Hani's the solution to our team.
- It's Hani.
- Pardon?
Let's start, Hani.
Here it goes.
The game between women.
Revenge.
(Will it be a revenge or
continuous winning?)
(The first search mission
five hours ago)
(She was...)
(pushed around.)
(Lee Elijah suffered.)
(I'll never forget this.)
(This is the real revenge match.)
Let's start, Hani.
Make her pay for what happened
in the car.
- Good.
(March forward.)
- Why would you hit me?
Good. Awesome.
What's that?
It's advantageous to Hani.
Little more.
(They're hitting each other.)
(The audience is excited.)
Watch out, Hani.
That's great.
- Go.
- That's right.
(She wraps her legs
around her waist.)
- That's it.
- That's good.
(Will she fall or keep hanging?
That's the question.)
- I'm sorry.
- Pull her down.
Wrap your legs around.
Chan Sung.
(I'm coming.)
(He swings his legs around.)
What are you doing?
(He attacks by wrapping
his legs around.)
Are you a man?
How could you?
(He thinks it should be
a fair play.)
- Are you a man?
- Wait.
(Elijah is eliminated.)
- Stop it.
- Don't give up.
You're doing well.
- I'm sorry.
- Goodness.
Nice game.
Hani, you're impressive.
- I'm sorry.
- Seriously.
- I'm sorry, Hani.
- She's not a man.
Hani isn't a man.
- Chan Sung is crazy.
- I usually...
don't attack women, but she's a man.
"She's a man"?
How could you say that?
No one can defeat her
except Chan Sung.
- That's right.
- She should be considered a man.
- Let's see.
- The score is 1 to 0.
Shall we hold the final round?
- Team leaders go in the middle.
- Right.
- Hong Gi and Chan Sung.
- Okay.
- CNU and Min Gyu.
- If we win this, we're the winner.
- Get ready.
- Keep the promise.
Get ready.
- You can do it.
- Let's go.
(Kicking hard)
(Consecutive high kicks)
(This round is extremely fun.)
- I'll help you.
- Be careful.
- Chan Sung.
- Go and help him.
- Go.
- Chan Sung.
- That's right.
- Put your weight on him.
(Min Gyu aims for Hong Gi's hand.)
(Goodness)
(Hong Gi is out.)
- Are you okay? I'm sorry.
- Goodness.
- Are you okay?
- I'm sorry.
(How dare you treat
Hong Gi like that?)
(Show us your strength, Su Geun.)
- Su Geun.
- What is he doing?
(What did you do?)
Su Geun.
(He falls and crashes.)
(Slipping)
(He hangs for 1 second.)
I'm sorry.
Don't come near me.
Goodness.
I'm sorry. Don't come near me.
Don't come near me.
(He hits.)
What are you doing?
Are you protecting me?
What are you doing? Stop it.
- Wait a minute.
- Stop.
What are you doing?
It's 2 to 2.
- What?
- What did you do?
What are the old men doing?
I tried to grab this one,
but I slipped.
- Me too.
- They both fell quickly.
(Goodness)
(After Su Geun falls off...)
(Flapping)
(He falls as well.)
What are you doing?
You're not as tall as you think.
- I tried to grab it.
- Me too.
I felt for you like a father,
Chan Sung.
- What?
- I let the bar go.
Why did you dive?
That was difficult.
- They're the best players.
- Let's go.
You can do it.
He's attacking him.
He got it.
(Kicking)
(It's volatile.)
Come on, Chan Sung.
- It's fierce.
- Let's win.
- They're so strong.
Don't fall.
(They're face to face.)
He plays rough.
They play rough.
(He tries to exhaust Chan Sung.)
- Come on.
- Go up.
That's right.
You should do well this time, CNU.
We won.
That was amazing.
(Strength was
the determining factor.)
(They play another round
as the score is tied.)
- Good job.
- Thank you.
- I didn't even touch it.
- Did you go?
- I did.
- It's over.
- Really?
I touched the bar.
(Screaming)
- Really?
- I'm impressed.
I was too self-conscious to do it.
- It's 1 to 1.
- I see.
This final round is
the last round for today.
Both teams will get
a crucial hint.
We're almost there.
- We practically won.
- We're close.
- I'll play against Hong Gi.
- Should we start first?
No, I'll play against Jong Min.
- I play against Jong Min.
- The score is 1 to 1.
- Get ready.
- Will you grab it?
- 1, 2.
- Move more forward.
- Goodness.
- That's right.
(They advance toward the opponents.)
- You look great.
- Which bar should I grab?
- You have to go, Jong Min.
- I know. Wait.
- You must start, Jong Min.
- How? Wait.
(Hong Gi starts to climb up.)
- You must start, Jong Min.
- Come down.
(They move back.)
Go back. That's right.
Move forward, Hong Gi.
- Attack him.
- Gosh.
That's cheating.
I can't move back.
Trust me, Hyun Moo.
Let go of your hands.
Just trust me.
Come on.
- Trust me.
- You must let go.
You must let go.
(He gets an electric shock.)
Let go of your hands. I got you.
"Let go of your hands"?
This is torture.
(Goodness)
(Hyun Moo is out.)
What have you done?
- Hey.
- Why did he grab me?
Go, Jong Min.
(Henry's target changes
to Jong Min.)
- Go, Jong Min.
- What is he doing?
- Why did he go there?
- Gosh.
- What are you doing?
- What?
What are you doing?
- Elijah.
- Help me.
You should climb up.
Go up from the back.
- Wait.
- Pull him.
He's out.
(Jong Min is out.)
(Henry's target changes to Elijah.)
You're doing well.
- Wait.
- That's good.
- Keep going.
- Hang onto him.
- That hurts.
(She wraps her legs around
from the back.)
I'm behind you.
(She wraps around his neck.)
Grab him tightly.
- Grab him tightly.
- That's good.
(Henry is out.)
- You did it.
- Get some rest.
- Goodness.
- He freely moves back and forth.
- Seriously.
- Is this your home, Hong Gi?
- Wait, time out.
- Our team did well.
Shouldn't you look less confident
in this situation, Hani?
Why do you look so confident?
It's 2 against 1.
She can handle it...
- as long as it's not Chan Sung.
- She's so confident.
(She's ready to fight
except Chan Sung.)
I'm a man, so I'll move
forward and wait.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Will you grab the bar?
- Go.
Start first.
- He did it accurately.
- He's good.
Why is he so good?
(Get out of my way.)
He's crossing a bridge of love.
He looks like
he's from a golf course.
Just hit him.
What is he doing?
He looks like
he's from a golf course.
Just hit him.
Is this your home, Hong Gi?
Wrap your legs around his waist.
That's right.
What's going on?
- Move forward, Hong Gi.
- His arms are trembling.
She doesn't go easy on him.
(Hong Gi is out.)
Come here.
Are you okay?
- Hong Gi.
- She doesn't go easy on him.
We lost.
How could you dare
to go easy on her?
You lost a fair game.
Hani, you're the only hope
on our team.
- Elijah is quite competitive too.
- Let's finish it.
This is the last game for today.
Get ready.
- Set.
- You win if you hold out.
(It's the last game.)
(Who will win this final round?)
It's the last round.
- Set.
- You win if you hold out.
(The final round starts.)
It's about strength.
- You must start now.
- That's right.
Can you give me another glove?
What is she doing? Ma'am?
- What are you doing?
- Is this a circus?
It's difficult only with arms.
- Why is she climbing up?
- What are you doing, ma'am?
She's smart.
She's advancing.
- There's nowhere to go.
- She must go back.
- Wait, it's difficult.
- What's wrong?
(She's relaxed.)
What are you doing?
- Seriously.
- Start now.
- Come down.
- I'm so nervous.
(Elijah starts.)
- Hani is professional at this.
- She's so strong.
That's great.
Keep attacking.
- Push her down.
- You got it.
- Push her.
- That's good.
(She uses one foot
to keep her torso down.)
- Go.
- Push her down.
- Come this way.
- Keep going.
(Elijah's unexpected attack)
- Come this way, Hong Gi.
- Push her down.
- Spread out the mat.
- I'm sorry, Hani.
(Will she hold on or fall?)
You must climb up.
- Hold it.
- Let go.
I'm sorry, Hani.
- Please catch her.
- We got her.
Let me go down.
Catch her now.
Put her down.
We're so kind.
- What?
- Aren't we very kind?
She came down like this.
Elijah wins.
She's very strong.
(Team Su Geun wins.)
Elijah is also smart.
She saved her energy.
At the end,
she waited and got it.
Gather up, everyone.
- Which one should we pick?
- The photograph one for sure.
I don't know where it is.
Why would we choose
the photograph one?
- You're strange.
- Why are you so nervous?
He's strange too. Why
recommend the photograph one?
(Su Geun is acting strangely.)
(6 hours ago, they were
looking for the key.)
(Hong Gi was with Su Geun
at the key spot.)
(This is amazing.)
(I've seen the spot.)
(They're starting to
be suspicious of him.)
(I'm suspicious of Su Geun.)
(I know where Su Geun
found the key.)
(Su Geun intentionally
avoids the photograph option...)
(on the Key Guide.)
He's seen something.
Only the person who has
the key knows it. Nobody else.
It's not that nobody else
knows it.
Jong Min doesn't know.
Nobody knows.
It's because you are
at an advantage.
- Please mind your own business.
- You remember who was beside you.
- We don't know.
- Why wouldn't you know that?
Let's check him with a lie detector.
It's the last round.
- How can I...
- Remember who was near you.
trust you?
Will you tell me?
I will tell you.
I will really tell you.
Why would you go with
the photograph one?
Su Geun is too worried.
- Let's go with that then.
- Let's go with this.
- Let's check one of our keys.
- We will check one of our keys.
- Okay.
We will go with Hong Gi.
Why? We should vote.
- It's him.
- I want to see Su Geun's.
- How about you?
- I choose Hong Gi.
- Choose one.
- Su Geun.
- It's certainly Hong Gi.
- Hong Gi.
- It's Su Geun.
- It's him.
Okay. Go ahead.
- You are very flustered.
- He is very flustered.
But I don't know if he's
pretending to be flustered.
- His face says he's got it.
- Why aren't you checking it?
Why would I check my key?
(Or is Hong Gi intentionally
making Su Geun look suspicious?)
- His face says he's got it.
- He's very nervous.
- Is this key the Master Key?
You can't hide it.
Su Geun, you can't block the view.
We have to check their faces.
Don't block the view.
(They are focused.)
Share the result
with your facial expression.
- Yes. Check their faces.
Don't block the view.
(Does Su Geun
have the Master Key?)
What is it?
(Su Geun is suspected
to have the Master Key.)
Why did you do that then?
- What is it?
- Hong Gi's face showed it.
I told you.
It's our goal to take the key.
That's important. Okay?
He's gotten very talkative.
That's what we need to do.
- Min Gyu, the Gold Chance Card.
- Yes.
- All right.
- I got it.
I got it.
Come on, Min Gyu.
Choose 1 of the 2.
(He can choose one
Gold Chance Card and use it.)
We got it. We got it.
If we won just once more...
We don't have conviction either.
Nothing is certain at this point.
(It's their last chance to
narrow down the list.)
(Which Gold Chance Card
did Min Gyu choose?)
(You can check the key
of anyone you choose.)
CNU, he's going to
ask to check my key.
Let's see.
- He's writing my name.
- All right.
He's written it already.
We got it. We got it.
(Who did Min Gyu choose?)
The lowered his hand
to write the middle letter.
- Lee Su...
- Lee.
(He chose Lee Hong Gi.)
He must've wrote down
his two guesses.
That key?
Is that key the Master Key?
(He asked if Hong Gi's key
is the Master Key.)
Master Key.
(It's the last chance
to find the Master Key.)
(Did Min Gyu
make the right guess?)
Master Key.
- He's disappointed.
- Min Gyu.
- Isn't he disappointed?
- He's disappointed.
There's nothing much to it.
- Next time...
- Let's keep it that way.
The person who can use it well
should get that.
- I know.
- It's hard to use it well.
- Let's go to the Master Key Room.
- Let's go.
- Wait. Wait.
- You are...
- I can't remember...
- You're asking me now.
I can't remember
which game we played.
I don't want to know
what the answer was.
What were the questions?
I can't tell you.
It's just that I can't remember it.
How many hours
have we spent on this?
(Who has the other Master Key?)
I am certain about Hong Gi.
He kept insisting
to go with the photograph one.
- That was confusing.
- He won't let us roll the dice.
He knew we would find out about
him if ever his name comes out.
He was so worked up.
It's not me, you know?
But the photograph one...
would've put him on the spot.
I think I got it wrong.
He keeps smiling.
Why is he smiling?
I know it now.
(Or is there another person?)
Finally, it's time
to find the winner.
This is too difficult.
- This is crazy.
- Let me get it just once.
Do we get to say
one final statement?
I don't know which one to write.
Everyone is looking around.
(They get to vote on 2 people
suspected to have the Master Key.)
Stop acting, Hong Gi.
(They are finished voting.)
Here you go.
(The dice of fate is cast.)
Now, we will check...
the two people who
got the most votes.
Please light the two people...
who got the most votes.
That surprised me.
It shouldn't be me. I am shy.
No. No.
(Hyun Moo has the Master Key.)
It's Hyun Moo.
(Hyun Moo is caught.)
This is crazy.
(Who is the other person
who got the most votes?)
(It's Lee Hong Gi.)
This is crazy.
(Does Hong Gi have
the other Master Key?)
If he doesn't have it,
he doesn't have it.
Here's the prize box.
- What is it?
- Is that the prize box?
(Only the winner gets
the golden prize.)
(Who will get this box?)
That surprised me.
Hong Gi and I will
go up the podium.
It never fails to surprise me
each week.
What do you think it is?
I will say one last thing.
I managed to fool people
so perfectly today,
and that made me realize that
I should go back to acting.
People are debating
about this in the back.
Some say you two
are the right choices,
- and some say you are not.
- I have no idea.
- Look at that.
- Some think you're not the one.
- It's up here.
- Hong Gi is saying...
he's glad that he got to
fool everyone with his great acting.
He say he's good enough
to star in dramas again.
All right. Let's check it.
Let's check the Master Key.
This is really nerve-racking.
Please put the Master Key
in the hole.
(Is Hong Gi the one
on the same boat as Hyun Moo?)
It's in.
Are they the two people
who have the Master Keys?
Let's check the Master Key.
(It's open.)
(Hyun Mo's identity
is revealed.)
Bye.
(Now Hong Gi has the other key.)
(I am suspicious of Su Geun.)
(Hong Gi continuously insisted
to suspect Su Geun.)
(Was it part of his plan? Or was
he really suspicious of Su Geun?)
Here we go.
(The truth will be revealed now.)
(Does Hong Gi have
the other Master Key?)
(His key is not the Master Key.)
(Hong Gi is crossed out
from the list.)
- I told you I don't have it.
- What?
You should be on a drama.
I have to go back to acting.
- I don't have it.
- He doesn't have it.
I said I don't have it. He's got it.
(At the Room of Fate)
Hong Gi talks when he's nervous.
I hope Hong Gi gets to feel
how I felt last week.
Or Jong Min.
(Hong Gi didn't
have the Master Key.)
It's clear that Hyun Moo has it.
Elijah is the second person
who got the most votes.
- Please go up the podium.
- Is it Hyun Moo and Elijah?
- It's them.
Yes.
She suddenly started laughing,
and it's scary.
She suddenly looks scary.
What?
She's a great actress.
Elijah.
(Is there another truth
behind her smile?)
Let's check Elijah's key.
- Elijah.
- Does she have the Master Key?
If she has the Master Key,
she's the best actor among us.
- All right.
- I had no idea.
Let's check Elijah's key.
(It failed to unlock.)
- Is it not her?
- It's not her.
That surprised me.
The possibility is going higher.
- Is it not her? Who is it?
- Who is it then?
Min Gyu got the third most votes.
- Please go up the podium.
- Min Gyu.
- It's not Min Gyu.
- If it's Min Gyu...
- Min Gyu?
- I am suspicious of him too.
- I suspected him.
- You'd get goosebumps, right?
- Min Gyu.
- Why is he smiling?
- Right?
- Wait.
You don't have it, do you?
- I've got no surprise.
- No?
Let's check Min Gyu's key.
(It's not the Master Key.)
(Min Gyu is crossed out
from the list too.)
- Who is it?
- Really?
- It's not him.
Should I go?
We have to keep going
until we find that person.
Next is Hyun Moo and I.
But he's not the one.
- I think it's him.
- Really?
I don't think so.
Please put the Mater Key.
It feels different going in,
doesn't it?
(Su Geun is unusually
confident today.)
- It's in.
- I think it's him.
- All right.
- Su Geun.
(Does he have the Master Key?)
No way.
(Whenever Hong Gi mentioned
about the photograph hint,)
(he was strongly against it.)
(He was unusually sensitive
when checking the Key Guide.)
(Is he the one
with the other Master Key?)
- It's in.
- I think it's him.
- All right.
- Su Geun.
- Please say the line.
- Let's check it.
- Let's check Su Geun's key.
(What's the truth behind...)
(Su Geun's key?)
- Please say the line.
- Let's check it.
Let's check...
- Su Geun's key.
- Let's check Su Geun's key.
(They check Su Geun's key.)
(It's not the Master Key.)
(Su Geun is crossed out as well.)
(Now 3 people remain.)
- Now...
- What's going on?
Wait. This can't happen.
- Is it him?
- Let's pause.
- Tell us who are remaining.
- Tell us.
- Will you tell us that?
Just tell us who are remaining.
Which ones are remaining?
No way.
(1 of them must
have the Master Key.)
Please come up...
to the podium..
(They check who has
the other Master Key.)
(Who has fooled everyone?)
- Who is it?
Is it an error?
(Eun Hyuk goes up the podium.)
(Eun Hyuk had
the other Master Key.)
(He's been having the Master Key
for 2 consecutive weeks.)
- No way.
- He's a con artist.
Eun Hyuk.
Who did you write?
You improved a lot in a week.
Is this key the Master Key?
(At the Judgement Cabinet,)
(He's acting.)
(he checked that
his key is the Master Key.)
His is not the Master Key.
He doesn't have it.
(I can't believe I found
the Master Key twice in a row.)
One of them has the Master Key.
(Eun Hyuk learned from last week
and moved stealthily.)
(Hyun Moo, Henry, Hani,
Jong Min, CNU)
(One of them had
the Master Key,)
(but his name wasn't on it.)
(He began stealthily
planning to conceal his identity.)
(Eun Hyuk has been tracking
the Master Key owner until the end.)
(Meanwhile, he quietly and
stealthily watched everyone.)
(It was the judgement time.)
Who's taking it?
I don't know.
What happens
if only one of them has it?
Then it means another person
has the Master Key.
So another person will go up there.
Right. The person who has
the second most votes will go up.
(Until the last moment,
he hid his identity.)
(Even now, he's keeping
a poker face.)
Let's check his key.
(Eun Hyuk's key is checked.)
He's got the Master Key.
It's spinning.
(His key is the Master Key.)
I didn't suspect him at all.
He improved so much
in just a week.
I am starting to get better.
So two people from the same team
had the Master Keys.
That's not the problem.
Usually, nobody is interested in me,
so nobody doubted me.
That made me feel so good.
I was thrilled about
all the gold I was going to take.
But I am so unlucky.
- The dice.
- The dice...
hit the camera,
and my name was chosen.
- That shattered me.
- I thought you got X there.
- Actually at that time...
- Why did you fail to guess him?
I had no idea that it could be him.
I thought he got an X.
- Right.
- They didn't know about each other.
Please. Please let me come back.
Please let me come back
next week.
No way.
Good job, everyone.
Good job.
Master Key!
(The new story unfolds.)
We will come back next week.
(The new beginning)
(There will be 12 new players.)
(Two keys will shake their fates.)
(There are Angel's Master Key...)
(and Demon's Master Key.)
(The new rules are set
for Angel and Demon Special.)
Raise your hands
if you are the angel.
(Everybody claims to be an angel.)
An angel enters.
(The moment you trust
another person,)
(you will be betrayed.)
(Sighing)
What will you do
if I am the demon?
I will bet everything
you want me to bet.
(It will be a happy ending if
they find the Angel's Master Key.)
(If they choose the Demon's,
they will lose everything.)
(The angel will share everything.)
What is that?
(Beautiful defeat versus
ugly victory)
(What would you choose?)
(The whereabouts of the Angel's
Master Key causes a chaos.)
(The demon swallows
everything alone.)
One of them is surely the demon.
(The moment you trust
the demon, you lose everything.)
(Angel's whisper
versus demon's temptation)
(Who will you hold hands with?)
This is the pit of fire.